Today is the last inspection.
Your eyes are recovering well
No problem.
Thank you Dr. Fu for this time
Why don't I treat you to a meal?
As a thank you
No need to eat
It is natural for doctors to help patients
No need to thank you.
Yanli, what mom told you last time
Your mom, this is your 108th call
I already said that.
I don't care who the woman is
I'm not interested.
Don't go home if you're so stubborn
If you don't come back, you won't come back.
I'm staying in the hospital dormitory tonight
Ah, that one was urged to get married.
Yes!
I don't know what these elders think
It seems that if I don't get married, the Heavenly Church collapses once
Dr. Fu must have never been in a relationship, right?
How did you know that I came to the hospital for a review during this time?
Listen to your nurses talk a lot
What do they say? I say you're a research maniac.
Steel straight man
Human insulator
Dead wood cannot be carved
Don't listen to their nonsense
It's not the way to keep deadlocked with mom like this
How can I make him give up completely?
Doctor Fu, what do you see me doing?
Miss Xia, you are divorced, right?
Right.
Do you want to marry me?